<!--
title: Logbook: Coordination team
description: 
published: true
date: 2021-01-12T17:59:47.269Z
tags: 
editor: ckeditor
dateCreated: 2021-01-12T17:32:23.468Z
-->

<h1>2021</h1>
<ul>
  <li><strong>30 Jan: </strong>Planned meeting</li>
  <li><strong>16 Jan:</strong> Planned meeting</li>
  <li><strong>5 Jan:</strong> Meeting [<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Sww1MOEMu-A6OY8zS0OvDJU_VOJhkg1_qURh6zBCKG0/edit?usp=sharing">Minutes</a>, <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/12vEYpATd73_BkdkSoxK6bI9ZtbZfM2ma/view?usp=sharing">Recording</a>]<ul>
      <li>Discussed funding The Greens/EFA</li>
      <li>Decided to accept applicants for vacancies</li>
      <li>Decided to create logbook</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>
<h1>2020</h1>
<ul>
  <li><strong>8 Dec: </strong>Meeting [<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_KflIIneBY29zu6kuyyVW1eSgzeKT1a1/view?usp=sharing">Recording</a>]</li>
  <li><strong>17 Nov:</strong> Meeting [<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1h_U0eyAuimQLRN5EXaw6-mxt22gQNdGo/view?usp=sharing">Recording</a>]</li>
  <li><strong>7 Nov:</strong> Meeting [<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/11YevjVs53LEAO2pmCepknq-xcIvrwMjHKV-iPAN1SxQ/edit?usp=sharing">Minutes</a>]</li>
  <li><strong>23 Nov:</strong> Meeting Cristiana &amp; Joppe about funding from The Greens/EFA</li>
  <li><strong>27 Oct:</strong> Meeting [<a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-9WeOMFsX8WyiaqJ0RXXJzGlwsQwPjvITr8SfdUnSFI/edit?usp=sharing">Minutes</a>, Recording]</li>
  <li><strong>3 Oct:</strong> Meeting [<a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HgLcA9-vWC2msg8tzYHMQdUj9J2ugb6LgbpvLMgPr1A/edit?usp=sharing">Minutes</a>, Recording]</li>
  <li><strong>26 Aug:</strong> Meeting [<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RO_Be6r1_5wIQIGwKblYXJLe9k3oq4BxCbglAcsE7zw/edit?usp=sharing">Minutes</a>]</li>
  <li><strong>27 Jul:</strong> Meeting [<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/18w2_kdjnHIwZanr-n9dMW69Uo5afsCCX_dWABt_7sfc/edit?usp=sharing">Minutes</a>]</li>
  <li><strong>23 Jul:</strong> Meeting with Vinodh and Sean [<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1prsVqCCxQ9Kh8iDjKrolm4v9xR8SLNC-da3njXp9_FM/edit?usp=sharing">Minutes</a>]</li>
  <li><strong>17 Jul:</strong> Meeting [<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gUqzwPEuyYRJ2w6Ad9mrILOVHo3lZuIav6YMWFtmG9c/edit?usp=sharing">Minutes</a>]</li>
  <li><strong>14 Jul:</strong> Meeting [<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DphH8iPmTDANgVyTXR6F0wYxgSAD-bITQt7hrg-gCM0/edit?usp=sharing">Minutes</a>]</li>
</ul>
